Use messages to drive tasks (#1688)
OpenDevin/OpenDevin: opendevin/server/README.md

  * `url` - the URL to open
* `recall` - searches long-term memory
  * `query` - the query to search for

> * `think` - Allows the agent to make a root_task, set a goal, or record thoughts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `think` - Allows the agent to make a plan, set a goal, or record thoughts
```
